*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 51180 ***

  _No Plays Exchanged_

  Baker's Edition of Plays


  Santa Claus Gets His Wish


  Price, 25 Cents

[Illustration]

  WALTER H. BAKER COMPANY
  BOSTON




Plays for Colleges and High Schools


                                _Males  Females  Time     Price Royalty_

  The Air Spy                      12     4    1-1/2 hrs.  35c   $10.00
  Bachelor Hall                     8     4    2      "    35c    $5.00
  The College Chap                 11     7    2-1/2  "    35c     Free
  The Colonel's Maid                6     3    2      "    35c      "
  Daddy                             4     4    1-1/2  "    35c      "
  The Deacon's Second Wife          6     6    2-1/2  "    35c      "
  The District Attorney            10     6    2      "    35c      "
  The Dutch Detective               5     5    2      "    35c      "
  At the Sign of the Shooting Star 10    10    2      "    35c      "
  The Elopement of Ellen            4     3    2      "    35c      "
  Engaged by Wednesday              5    11    1-1/2  "    35c      "
  The Chuzzlewitts, or Tom Pinch   15     6    2-1/4  "    35c      "
  For One Night Only                5     4    2      "    25c      "
  Hamilton                         11     5    2      "    60c   $25.00
  Constantine Pueblo Jones         10     4    2-1/4  "    35c     Free
  Excuse Me                         4     6    1-1/4  "    35c      "
  The Hoodoo                        6    12    2      "    35c      "
  The Hurdy Gurdy Girl              9     9    2      "    35c      "
  Katy Did                          4     8    1-1/2  "    35c      "
  Let's Get Married                 3     5    2      "    60c   $10.00
  London Assurance                 10     3    2      "    25c     Free
  Lost a Chaperon                   6     9    2      "    35c      "
  A Foul Tip                        7     3    2      "    35c      "
  The Man Who Went                  7     3    2-1/2  "    35c   $10.00
  The Man Without a Country         6     5    1-1/2  "    25c     Free
  Master Pierre Patelin             4     1    1-1/2  "    60c      "
  How Jim Made Good                 7     3    2      "    25c      "
  Just Plain Mary                   7    13    2      "    35c      "
  Line Busy                         5    19    1-1/2  "    35c      "
  Mr. Bob                           3     4    1-1/2  "    25c      "
  Mrs. Briggs of the Poultry Yard   4     7    2      "    35c      "
  Nathan Hale                      15     4    2-1/2  "    60c   $10.00
  Patty Makes Things Hum            4     6    2      "    35c     Free
  Professor Pepp                    8     8    2-1/2  "    35c      "
  A Regiment of Two                 6     4    2      "    35c      "
  The Private Tutor                 5     3    2      "    35c      "
  The Rivals                        9     5    2-1/2  "    25c      "
  Silas Marner                     19     4    1-1/2  "    25c      "
  When a Feller Needs a Friend      5     5    2-1/4  "    35c   $10.00
  Sally Lunn                        3     4    1-1/2  "    25c     Free
  The School for Scandal           12     4    2-1/2  "    25c      "
  She Stoops to Conquer            15     4    2-1/2  "    25c      "
  Step Lively                       4    10    2      "    35c      "
  The Submarine Shell               7     4    2      "    35c   $10.00
  The Thirteenth Star              --     9    1-1/2  "    35c     Free
  The Time of His Life              6     3    2-1/2  "    35c      "
  Tommy's Wife                      3     5    1-1/2  "    35c      "
  The Twig of Thorn                 6     7    1-1/2  "    75c      "
  The Amazons                       7     5    2-1/2  "    60c   $10.00
  The Conjurer                      8     4    2-1/4  "    35c   $10.00


BAKER, Hamilton Place, Boston, Mass.




  Santa Claus Gets His Wish

  A Christmas Play in One Act
  For Young Children


  By
  BLANCHE PROCTOR FISHER
  _Author of "Finding the Mayflowers"_


[Illustration]


  BOSTON
  WALTER H. BAKER COMPANY
  1921




Santa Claus Gets His Wish

A Play for Children

CHARACTERS


  FIRST IMP.
  SECOND IMP.
  SANTA CLAUS.
  SAND-MAN.
  WISH-BONE.
  LOLLIPOP.
  ICE-CREAM CONE.
  LITTLE GIRL.

[Illustration]

COPYRIGHT, 1921, BY WALTER H. BAKER COMPANY




SUGGESTIONS FOR CHARACTERS


IMPS. In red sweaters and red masks covering the head, with a little
peak over each ear.

SAND-MAN. In gray tunic and gray pointed cap.

WISH-BONE. Is a slender boy holding his arms close to his body and
walking stiffly with legs spread far apart.

LOLLIPOP. A very slender boy with his head wrapped loosely in red
tissue-paper.

ICE-CREAM CONE. A little boy encased in a cornucopia of heavy
wrapping-paper with some soft white material showing at the top about
his face.




Santa Claus Gets His Wish


     SCENE.--_The interior of_ SANTA CLAUS'S _home on Christmas
     Eve. There is a door on each side of the stage, and a
     fireplace at the back._ SANTA CLAUS'S _big easy-chair is
     near the front of the stage at the left, and near the front
     at the right is a table_.

     (_As the curtain rises the two_ IMPS _are seated on the
     floor, each with a section of harness, the bells of which
     they are industriously polishing_.)

FIRST IMP. You must hurry. It's almost seven o'clock, and soon it will
be time to harness the reindeer.

SECOND IMP. I am hurrying as fast as I can. I shall get through now
before you do, and my bells will be just as bright as yours. It seems to
me that the more I shine them the sweeter their tone is.

FIRST IMP. I am polishing mine so bright that when Santa Claus drives
through the sky all the people will look up and think they see stars
twinkling overhead.

SECOND IMP. And I make my bells so bright that when they chime the
children will hear them in their sleep and dream they are listening to
birds singing in the springtime.

FIRST IMP (_scornfully_). What nonsense! How many children to-night do
you suppose are dreaming of birds and springtime?

SECOND IMP. Why shouldn't they?

FIRST IMP. Why should they,--when there are so many other things to
dream of at Christmas time? If you don't believe me, we'll leave it to
Santa Claus. Here he comes now. Hooray!

     (_As_ SANTA CLAUS _enters from_ L. _of stage the_ IMPS _run
     to meet him, and holding an end of the harness in each hand
     form a ring and dance around him in time to the jingling of
     the bells_.)

SANTA CLAUS. Hold on! Hold on there! When a fellow gets to be my age his
head isn't steady enough to stand any such merry-go-'round as this. Come
on now, let's see if you've done your work properly and polished the
bells as I told you.

     (_He sits down in his big armchair and the_ IMPS _climb upon
     his lap_.)

FIRST IMP. I said I would make my bells so bright that people would
think they were twinkling stars.

SECOND IMP. And _I_ said----

FIRST IMP (_interrupting_). Never mind what _you_ said. There wasn't any
sense to that. Santa Claus, tell us, what do children dream about at
Christmas time?

SANTA CLAUS. What do children dream about? Why, they dream about me, of
course.

BOTH IMPS (_each shaking a finger at him_). O-ho!

SANTA CLAUS. There! I suppose you think I'm a conceited old chap, but if
you don't believe me we'll ask the Sand-Man. (_The_ SAND-MAN _enters_,
L. _door, carrying a big bag over his shoulder, and a small bag in his
hand_.) Just starting off on your rounds, I see. Have you a heavy load
to-night?

SAND-MAN. The sand-bag is heavy, but the dream-bag is light. There isn't
much to a dream, you know;--just a whiff of fairy powder wrapped up in a
bit of mist. But they do the trick all the same,--and how the children
love them.

SANTA CLAUS. And what are these dreams which the children love? Are any
of them about me?

SAND-MAN. Why, no, Santa. Of course they _used_ to be, but times have
changed, you see. Children nowadays have so many interests.

SANTA CLAUS. But I thought perhaps just at Christmas time----

SAND-MAN. Yes, I know, I know. Yet, after all, dreams are really a
matter of habit. It's the things which the children enjoy all through
the year that stay in their minds after they fall asleep.

SANTA CLAUS. Well, what are these things which the children enjoy all
the year and dream about every night?

SAND-MAN. Ah! That would be telling. Mustn't give away the secrets of
the trade, you know. Well, I'm off. See you later.

     [_Exit_, R. _door_.

SANTA CLAUS (_to the_ IMPS). Run out with him, boys, and help him down
the steps with his bags. (_Exeunt_ IMPS.) H'm! I didn't find out what I
wanted to, did I? I wish I could, though (_Yawning._), I wish I could;
but what's the old saying: "If wishes were horses, beggars might ride"?
Holloa! Who's this coming? (_The_ WISH-BONE _enters_, R. _door_.) How
strangely he walks,--must be kind o' stiff in his joints, or else he
hasn't any joints at all. Good-evening, friend, who might you be?

WISH-BONE (_in a melancholy tone_). My name is Wish-Bone. I am all
that's left of the Thanksgiving turkey.

SANTA CLAUS (_sympathetically_). I say, now, that's rather a lonely fate
for you; but cheer up, it might be worse.

WISH-BONE (_in the same melancholy tone_). It will be worse. I expect to
be laid up with a broken leg most any day now.

SANTA CLAUS. Broken leg? Why, bless my stars, man, what makes you expect
anything like that to happen?

WISH-BONE. It always happens to us wish-bones; runs in the family.
Sometimes it's both legs that are broken, and the head flies off; and
that's the greatest pity of all, for then there isn't any one gets their
wish.

SANTA CLAUS. Is your business something like mine, then; giving people
whatever they wish?

WISH-BONE. N-no,-not exactly _giving_ it,--just promising it. But it all
amounts to the same thing. Once make people believe they'll get what
they wish for, and somehow it always comes in the end.

SANTA CLAUS. Then perhaps you can help me out. My great wish just at
present is to know what the children are dreaming about to-night.

WISH-BONE. Sorry to refuse you, but I'm not ready for business yet.
Don't feel quite equal to it. Wait until I get a little more snap in me,
and then I'll call around again. Good-night.

     [_Exit_ WISH-BONE, R. _door_.

SANTA CLAUS. He's about the gloomiest creature I ever saw; and yet he
struck sort of a hopeful note when he said people would get what they
wished for if they only believed it. I wonder how that would work out in
my case. (_The_ SAND-MAN _enters_, R. _door_.) Ah! here comes the
Sand-Man back again. Well, how did things go with you to-night? Is your
sand-bag empty?

SAND-MAN. Almost. It takes a powerful lot of sand to make the children
sleepy the night before Christmas.

SANTA CLAUS. And are the dreams all gone too?

SAND-MAN. Not quite. There was one little girl who refused to go to bed
at all, because she is so anxious to see Santa Claus when he comes. I
had two nice dreams picked out for her but I couldn't use them. Well, my
evening's work is over. (_Dropping his bags on the table._) I suppose
you'll be starting soon now.

SANTA CLAUS. Pretty soon. But what you told me about that little girl
has put me on my guard. It would never do to let her see me while I am
filling her stocking. So I think I'll sit down by the fire and wait for
a few minutes. She won't be able to keep awake very long. If you see my
Imps around anywhere, send them along in here. Lazy little scamps! It's
time they were helping me to pack up the toys. (_As the_ SAND-MAN _goes
out_, L. _door_, SANTA CLAUS _draws his chair up to the fireplace,
where he sits musing with his eyes half-closed; yawning_.)
I--wish--I--could--know--what the children are dreaming about to-night.

     (_The two_ IMPS _enter_, L. _door, and tiptoe forward
     cautiously_.)

FIRST IMP (_whispers_). Is Santa Claus asleep?

SECOND IMP. No, he's only thinking. But we could make him go to sleep if
we wanted to. Here's the Sand-Man's bag, and it isn't quite empty.
Wouldn't it be fun to drop some sand in Santa's eyes!

FIRST IMP. Hush! He'll hear you.

     (_They creep up behind_ SANTA CLAUS _and toss the sand in
     his face. He yawns again._)

SECOND IMP. I think he's almost asleep now. Here are two dreams in the
dream-bag. Let's open them.

FIRST IMP. Look out there, clumsy, you're spilling them!

SECOND IMP. They were so light I couldn't help it. The fairy powder is
flying all around the room. It's filling the air so that I can't see.
Are you afraid?

FIRST IMP. Of course not. There's nothing to be afraid of. Listen! Some
one is coming.

     (_As the light grows dim, soft, slow music is heard, and
     the_ LOLLIPOP _appears at the_ R. _of the stage and moves
     slowly across to the_ L., _in time to the music._)

SECOND IMP (_whispering_). That looks like one of those red-headed
lollipops that Santa Claus made to put in the children's stockings. Do
you s'pose that one has escaped from the box?

FIRST IMP. I don't think it's a real lollipop. Maybe it's only a dream.
See! It's vanishing away.

     (_The_ LOLLIPOP _disappears._ SANTA CLAUS _stirs in his
     sleep, while the music, slightly louder, changes to a
     livelier tune. The_ ICE-CREAM CONE _enters through the_ R.
     _door and crosses the stage dancing a jig._)

SECOND IMP. Oh, how funny! What is it?

FIRST IMP. That is an ice-cream cone. All children love to eat them.

SECOND IMP. Why, I could make one of those. If I took a tin trumpet from
Santa Claus's toy-shop and piled it full of snow 'twould be just the
same thing, wouldn't it?

FIRST IMP. No--for even if you were to eat the snow all up, the tin
trumpet would still be left in your hand. But there's never anything
left of an ice-cream cone. Didn't you notice how quickly this one went,
almost as soon as it came?

SECOND IMP. But that is because it was only a dream.

FIRST IMP. That hasn't anything to do with it. A real ice-cream cone
wouldn't have lasted much longer. Sh! Who's coming now? (_As the_
ICE-CREAM CONE _disappears the music stops, and the light grows bright
again. The_ LITTLE GIRL _enters at the_ R. _She is wrapped in a muffler
and carries a lighted lantern. Coming toward the front of the stage she
stops in terror on seeing the_ IMPS.) Don't be frightened, little girl.
We're only Santa Claus's imps. We won't hurt you.

LITTLE GIRL. Then this really is where Santa Claus lives, and I didn't
make a mistake in the place? Please tell me, is Santa Claus at home? Oh,
there he is asleep by the fire. (_She puts her lantern on the floor and
goes up to_ SANTA CLAUS.) Santa Claus! Dear Santa Claus! Please wake up.
It's getting very late.

SANTA CLAUS (_rubbing his eyes_). Why, bless my soul! I must have been
napping. And who are you, my dear?

LITTLE GIRL. I'm the little girl who wouldn't go to bed to-night, for I
wanted to sit up to see Santa Claus. But I waited and waited, and you
didn't come. Oh, Santa Claus, don't say that you're not coming at all.
The children would be _so_ disappointed.

SANTA CLAUS. The children are happy. They are having sweet dreams. Ah! I
know now what they're dreaming about. Lollipops and ice-cream cones.
They're not thinking much about poor old Santa Claus.

LITTLE GIRL. Oh, but Santa Claus, we do think about you very often. We
love you much more than we do the lollipops and the ice-cream cones, for
they just melt away and don't last at all.

SANTA CLAUS. And what makes you think that I would last any longer?

LITTLE GIRL. Well, you know, Santa, you've already lasted a great many
years.

SANTA CLAUS. Kind of a slam on my age, that is. But it's true, every
word of it. I have lasted a great many years, and the best part of it
is, I'm good for as many years more. So if the children are expecting
me, we'd better hurry and be off. (_To the_ IMPS.) Bring along your
harness there, boys; it's time to hitch up the reindeer. Wrap your
muffler around you tight, little girl. We're going to have a cold ride.
Here, isn't this your lantern?

LITTLE GIRL. I shan't need the light of the lantern now, for the bells
on your harness are so bright they shine like stars.

FIRST IMP. That's exactly what I said when I was cleaning them.

SECOND IMP. And I said that their tones were so clear that the children
would believe they were the birds singing in the springtime. I was right
too, wasn't I?

LITTLE GIRL. No, you foolish Imp. When the children hear Santa Claus's
sleigh-bells ringing they will smile in their sleep and think that they
are listening to the music of the Christmas carols.

     (_As the curtain falls the_ IMPS _jingle the bells, while
     behind the scenes voices sing "Carol, brothers, carol," or
     some other appropriate Christmas song._)


CURTAIN




THE CONJURER

A Dramatic Mystery in Three Acts

_By Mansfield Scott_

_Author of "The Submarine Shell," "The Air-Spy," etc._


Eight male, four female characters. Costumes, modern; scenery, two easy
interiors. Plays a full evening. Royalty for amateur performance, $10.00
for the first and $5.00 each for subsequent performances by the same
company. Free for school performance. George Clifford, incapacitated for
service at the front, employs his great talents as a conjurer to raise
money for the soldiers. He is utilized by Inspector Steele, of the U. S.
Secret Service, in a plan to discover certain foreign spies. The plan
goes wrong and involves seven persons in suspicion of a serious crime.
Clifford's clever unravelling of this tangled skein constitutes the
thrilling plot of this play, the interest of which is curiously like
that of the popular "Thirteenth Chair." This is not a "war-play" save in
a very remote and indirect way, but a clever detective story of
absorbing interest. Strongly recommended.

_Price, 35 cents_


CHARACTERS

  INSPECTOR MALCOME STEELE.
  GEORGE CLIFFORD.
  CAPTAIN FRANK DRUMMOND GLEASON.
  LIEUTENANT HAMILTON WARWICK.
  COLONEL WILLARD ANDERSON.
  DRISCOLL WELLS.
  DOCTOR GORDON PEAK.
  DETECTIVE WHITE.
  MARION ANDERSON.
  EDITH ANDERSON.
  ELLEN GLEASON.
  DOROTHY ELMSTROM.


SYNOPSIS

ACT I.--The home of Colonel Anderson (Friday evening).

ACT II.--The office of Inspector Steele (Saturday afternoon).

ACT III.--The same as Act II (Saturday evening).




THE OTHER VOICE

A Play in One Act

_By S._ vK. _Fairbanks_


Three voices, preferably male, are employed in this little novelty which
is intended to be presented upon a dark stage upon which nothing is
actually visible save starlight. It was originally produced at Workshop
47, Cambridge, where its effective distillation of the essential oil of
tragedy was curiously successful. An admirable item for any programme
seeking variety of material and effect. Naturally no costumes nor
scenery are required, save a drop carrying stars and possibly a city
sky-line. Plays ten minutes only; royalty, $5.00.

_Price, 25 cents_




A COUPLE OF MILLION

An American Comedy in Four Acts

_By Walter Ben Hare_

Author of "Professor Pepp," "Much Ado About Betty," "The Hoodoo," "The
Dutch Detective," etc.


Six males, five females. Costumes, modern; scenery, two interiors and an
exterior. Plays a full evening. Royalty, ten dollars ($10.00) for each
performance. A more ambitious play by this popular author in the same
successful vein as his previous offerings. Bemis Bennington is left two
million dollars by his uncle on condition that he shall live for one
year in a town of less than five thousand inhabitants and during that
period marry and earn without other assistance than his own industry and
ability the sum of five thousand dollars. Failing to accomplish this the
money goes to one Professor Noah Jabb. This is done despite the
energetic opposition of Jabb, who puts up a very interesting fight. A
capital play that can be strongly recommended. Plenty of good comedy and
a great variety of good parts, full of opportunity.

_Price, 35 cents_


CHARACTERS

  BEMIS BENNINGTON.
  HON. JEREMY WISE.
  JAMES PATRICK BURNS, "_Stubby_."
  PROFESSOR NOAH JABB.
  BEVERLY LOMAN.
  SQUIRE PIPER.
  FAY FAIRBANKS.
  MRS. CLARICE COURTENAY.
  GENEVIEVE MCGULLY.
  SAMMIE BELL PORTER.
  PINK.
  _Several Hill-Billies._


SYNOPSIS

ACT I.--The law office of Hon. Jeremy Wise, New York City. A morning in
July.

ACT II.--The exterior of the court-house, Opaloopa, Alabama. An
afternoon in October.

ACT III.--Same as Act II. The next afternoon.

ACT IV.--Mrs. Courtenay's sitting-room, Opaloopa, Alabama. A night in
April.




ISOSCELES

A Play in One Act

_By Walter Ben Hare_


Two male, one female characters. Costumes, modern; scene, an interior.
Plays twenty minutes. Royalty $2.50 for each performance. An admirable
little travesty of the conventional emotional recipe calling for
husband, wife and lover. Played in the proper spirit of burlesque it is
howlingly funny. Strongly recommended for the semi-professional uses of
schools of acting. A capital bit for a benefit or exhibition programme,
offering a decided novelty.

_Price, 25 cents_




NO TRESPASSING

A Play in Three Acts

_By Evelyn Gray Whiting_


Six males, five females. Costumes, modern; scenery, a single easy
interior. Plays two hours. Free of royalty. Lisle Irving, a lively "city
girl," goes down into the country on a vacation and to get rid of a
husband of her father's choice whom she has never seen, and runs into
the very man living there under another name. He meets her by accident
and takes her to be one of a pair of twins who have been living at the
farmhouse. She discovers his mistake and in the character of both twins
in alternation gives him the time of his life, incidentally falling in
love with him. An unusual abundance of good comedy characters, including
one--Bill Meader--of great originality and humor, sure to make a big
hit. Strongly recommended.

_Price, 35 cents_


CHARACTERS

  BILL MEADER, "_on the town_."
  JIM MEADER, _son of Bill, a boy of sixteen to eighteen_.
  MR. PALMER, _a New England farmer_.
  CLEVELAND TOWER, _a young city fellow, guest of Raynor_.
  HERBERT EDMAND RAYNOR, _a young Englishman_.
  MR. IRVING, _father of Lisle_.
  LISLE IRVING, _a girl of seventeen_.
  PEGGY PALMER, _a girl of eighteen or twenty_.
  MRS. PALMER, _Peggy's mother_.
  BARBARA PALMER, _a girl of ten or twelve years_.
  ALMEDA MEADER, _a girl about Barbara's age_.




THE GIRL UP-STAIRS

A Comedy in Two Acts

_By Gladys Ruth Bridgham_


Seven females. Costumes, modern; scenery, an interior. Plays an hour.
Daisy Jordan, crazy to get "on the stage," comes to New York and starves
there in a lodging house waiting for her chance. She schemes to get an
interview with Cicely Denver, a popular actress, to act before her, but
the result is not at all what she intended. A capital play with strong
and ingenious opportunities for good acting. Recommended.

_Price, 25 cents_




TICKETS, PLEASE!

A Comedy in One Act

_By Irving Dale_


Four females. Costumes, modern and fashionable; scenery, an interior,
not important. Plays twenty minutes. Mignon asks Charlotte to get the
theatre tickets, Charlotte asks Maude to get them, Maude hands over
three to Linda, who leaves two at Mignon's house after she has left
home. But they get to the theatre somehow. Bright, funny and
characteristic. Strongly recommended.

_Price, 25 cents_




HITTY'S SERVICE FLAG

A Comedy in Two Acts

_By Gladys Ruth Bridgham_


Eleven female characters. Costumes, modern; scenery, an interior. Plays
an hour and a quarter. Hitty, a patriotic spinster, quite alone in the
world, nevertheless hangs up a service flag in her window without any
right to do so, and opens a Tea Room for the benefit of the Red Cross.
She gives shelter to Stella Hassy under circumstances that close other
doors against her, and offers refuge to Marjorie Winslow and her little
daughter, whose father in France finally gives her the right to the
flag. A strong dramatic presentation of a lovable character and an ideal
patriotism. Strongly recommended, especially for women's clubs.

_Price, 25 cents_


CHARACTERS

  MEHITABLE JUDSON, _aged 70_.
  LUELLA PERKINS, _aged 40_.
  STASIA BROWN, _aged 40_.
  MILDRED EMERSON, _aged 16_.
  MARJORIE WINSLOW, _aged 25_.
  BARBARA WINSLOW, _her daughter, aged 6_.
  STELLA HASSY, _aged 25, but claims to be younger_.
  MRS. IRVING WINSLOW, _aged 45_.
  MARION WINSLOW, _her daughter, aged 20_.
  MRS. ESTERBROOK, _aged 45_.
  MRS. COBB, _anywhere from 40 to 60_.




THE KNITTING CLUB MEETS

A Comedy in One Act

_By Helen Sherman Griffith_


Nine female characters. Costumes, modern; scenery, an interior. Plays
half an hour. Eleanor will not forego luxuries nor in other ways "do her
bit," putting herself before her country; but when her old enemy, Jane
Rivers, comes to the Knitting Club straight from France to tell the
story of her experiences, she is moved to forget her quarrel and leads
them all in her sacrifices to the cause. An admirably stimulating piece,
ending with a "melting pot" to which the audience may also be asked to
contribute. Urged as a decided novelty in patriotic plays.

_Price, 25 cents_




GETTING THE RANGE

A Comedy in One Act

_By Helen Sherman Griffith_


Eight female characters. Costumes, modern; scenery, an exterior. Well
suited for out of door performances. Plays an hour and a quarter.
Information of value to the enemy somehow leaks out from a frontier town
and the leak cannot be found or stopped. But Captain Brooke, of the
Secret Service, finally locates the offender amid a maze of false clues,
in the person of a washerwoman who hangs out her clothes day after day
in ways and places to give the desired information. A capital play, well
recommended.

_Price, 25 cents_




Plays for Junior High Schools


                                 _Males  Females     Time     Price_
  Sally Lunn                        3       4      1-1/2 hrs.  25c
  Mr. Bob                           3       4      1-1/2  "    25c
  The Man from Brandon              3       4        1/2  "    25c
  A Box of Monkeys                  2       3      1-1/4  "    25c
  A Rice Pudding                    2       3      1-1/4  "    25c
  Class Day                         4       3        3/4  "    25c
  Chums                             3       2        3/4  "    25c
  An Easy Mark                      5       2        1/2  "    25c
  Pa's New Housekeeper              3       2      1      "    25c
  Not On the Program                3       3        3/4  "    25c
  The Cool Collegians               3       4      1-1/2  "    25c
  The Elopement of Ellen            4       3      2      "    35c
  Tommy's Wife                      3       5      1-1/2  "    35c
  Johnny's New Suit                 2       5        3/4  "    25c
  Thirty Minutes for Refreshment    4       3        1/2  "    25c
  West of Omaha                     4       3        3/4  "    25c
  The Flying Wedge                  3       5        3/4  "    25c
  My Brother's Keeper               5       3      1-1/2  "    25c
  The Private Tutor                 5       3      2      "    35c
  Me an' Otis                       5       4      2      "    25c
  Up to Freddie                     3       6      1-1/4  "    25c
  My Cousin Timmy                   2       8      1      "    25c
  Aunt Abigail and the Boys         9       2      1      "    25c
  Caught Out                        9       2      1-1/2  "    25c
  Constantine Pueblo Jones         10       4      2      "    35c
  The Cricket On the Hearth         6       7      1-1/2  "    25c
  The Deacon's Second Wife          6       6      2      "    35c
  Five Feet of Love                 5       6      1-1/2  "    25c
  The Hurdy Gurdy Girl              9       9      2      "    35c
  Camp Fidelity Girls               1      11      2      "    35c
  Carroty Nell                     --      15      1      "    25c
  A Case for Sherlock Holmes       --      10      1-1/2  "    35c
  The Clancey Kids                 --      14      1      "    25c
  The Happy Day                    --       7        1/2  "    25c
  I Grant You Three Wishes         --      14        1/2  "    25c
  Just a Little Mistake             1       5        3/4  "    25c
  The Land of Night                --      18      1-1/4  "    25c
  Local and Long Distance           1       6        1/2  "    25c
  The Original Two Bits            --       7        1/2  "    25c
  An Outsider                      --       7        1/2  "    25c
  Oysters                          --       6        1/2  "    25c
  A Pan of Fudge                   --       6        1/2  "    25c
  A Peck of Trouble                --       5        1/2  "    25c
  A Precious Pickle                --       7        1/2  "    25C
  The First National Boot           7       2      1      "    25c
  His Father's Son                 14      --      1-3/4  "    35c
  The Turn In the Road              9      --      1-1/2  "    25c
  A Half Back's Interference       10      --        3/4  "    25c
  The Revolving Wedge               5       3      1      "    25c
  Mose                             11      10      1-1/2  "    25c

BAKER, Hamilton Place, Boston, Mass.




Plays and Novelties That Have Been "Winners"


                               _Males Females   Time     Price Royalty_

  Camp Fidelity Girls             --    11     2-1/2 hrs. 35c    None
  Anita's Trial                   --    11     2      "   35c     "
  The Farmerette                  --     7     2      "   35c     "
  Behind the Scenes               --    12     1-1/2  "   35c     "
  The Camp Fire Girls             --    15     2      "   35c     "
  A Case for Sherlock Holmes      --    10     1-1/2  "   35c     "
  The House In Laurel Lane        --     6     1-1/2  "   25c     "
  Her First Assignment            --    10     1      "   25c     "
  I Grant You Three Wishes        --    14       1/2  "   25c     "
  Joint Owners in Spain           --     4       1/2  "   35c   $5.00
  Marrying Money                  --     4       1/2  "   25c    None
  The Original Two Bits           --     7       1/2  "   25c     "
  The Over-Alls Club              --    10       1/2  "   25c     "
  Leave it to Polly               --    11     1-1/2  "   35c     "
  The Rev. Peter Brice, Bachelor  --     7       1/2  "   25c     "
  Miss Fearless & Co.             --    10     2      "   35c     "
  A Modern Cinderella             --    16     1-1/2  "   35c     "
  Theodore, Jr.                   --     7       1/2  "   25c     "
  Rebecca's Triumph               --    16     2      "   35c     "
  Aboard a Slow Train In Mizzoury  8    14     2-1/2  "   35c     "
  Twelve Old Maids                --    15     1      "   25c     "
  An Awkward Squad                 8    --       1/4  "   25c     "
  The Blow-Up of Algernon Blow     8    --       1/2  "   25c     "
  The Boy Scouts                  20    --     2      "   35c     "
  A Close Shave                    6    --       1/2  "   25c     "
  The First National Boot          7     2     1      "   25c     "
  A Half-Back's Interference      10    --       3/4  "   25c     "
  His Father's Son                14    --     1-3/4  "   35c     "
  The Man With the Nose            8    --       3/4  "   25c     "
  On the Quiet                    12    --     1-1/2  "   35c     "
  The People's Money              11    --     1-3/4  "   25c     "
  A Regular Rah! Rah! Boy         14    --     1-3/4  "   35c     "
  A Regular Scream                11    --     1-3/4  "   35c     "
  Schmerecase in School            9    --     1      "   25c     "
  The Scoutmaster                 10    --     2      "   35c     "
  The Tramps' Convention          17    --     1-1/2  "   25c     "
  The Turn in the Road             9    --     1-1/2  "   25c     "
  Wanted--a Pitcher               11    --       1/2  "   25c     "
  What They Did for Jenkins       14    --     2      "   25c     "
  Aunt Jerusha's Quilting Party    4    12     1-1/4  "   25c     "
  The District School at
    Blueberry Corners             12    17     1      "   25c     "
  The Emigrants' Party            24    10     1      "   25c     "
  Miss Prim's Kindergarten        10    11     1-1/2  "   25c     "
  A Pageant of History            Any number   2      "   35c     "
  The Revel of the Year            "    "        3/4  "   25c     "
  Scenes in the Union Depot        "    "      1      "   25c     "
  Taking the Census in Bingville  14     8     1-1/2  "   25c     "
  The Village Post-Office         22    20     2      "   35c     "
  O'Keefe's Circuit               12     8     1-1/2  "   35c     "

BAKER, Hamilton Place, Boston, Mass.




Transcriber's Notes:


Words surrounded by _ are italicized.

Small capitals are presented as all capitals in this e-text.

Obvious printer's errors have been repaired, other inconsistent
spellings have been kept including inconsistent use of hyphen (e.g.
"Air-Spy" and "Air Spy").





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Santa Claus Gets His Wish, by 
Blanche Proctor Fisher

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 51180 ***
